Baby
There you are
Did your appearance disappoint me so much?
King Linh, why do you say that?
You have no idea how worried Yuan Quan is about your comfort, right?
So you really have to thank him so well, don't you?
Trust your brother so quickly.
Honey, where did you say this?
I'm worried you should say that.
Good one should say well.
My brother just came down from the front.
It doesn't stop coming.
Prepare a thin glass of wine
Talking like dust
I respect my brother.
I can drink to the King today.
It was the glory of the Promised House in Zhuzhou that I waited for
Mr. Zhao
That's good wine.
The wine is so good.
Still hundreds of thousands of heroes on the North Tan advanced battlefield that died in hatred